[Music]
Hello to all my dear Lovers
of the heart since the premiere of the
documentary Bisbal many have been the
media that have focused on David
Bisbal and Chenoa despite the fact that she is hardly
mentioned. The latter in the
documentary has become news since
her breakup with Miguel Sánchez came to light
after a year and a half of
marriage. On the other hand, David Bisbal
roasted the Latin Grammys in Seville during
his time at the event the singer was
approached by the media
and one of the reporters asked him
about Chenoa and their recent breakup,
to which the singer got very angry
with her and told her that he only talks about
his own things. Well then that's it. Okay,
no, honestly, we're here
celebrating flamenco and obviously
I talk about my things and well, family, I
'll be reading your opinions in the
comments, remember to leave your like
and subscribe to stay up to date with all the
news from the heart. I send you a huge hug